---
title: Second Committee Meeting

---
# UWA AI Committee Meeting 2025-04-28

## Venue and Time:
- Online 
- Time:  19:00-19:30

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: _19:05_

Present: Jason Tadi, Tyler Etherton, Isabella O'Hara, Saayella, Mika Martin Nieuwenhuyzen

Apologies: Arnav Dangmali

Absent: Ruan Van Zyl, Madan Krishnan

## Reports

### President's report  (Jason Tadi)
- Talked to Jereon from Bloom to propose a collaboration event (focused on technical students in both clubs): a 2â€“3 hour hackathon on agent-based model context protocol (a topic not yet covered in coursework). Tentative date: end of June.
- Planning a Generative Think Tank event (hosted by Professor Louro) for Monday of Week 12. Considering reaching out to clubs (like BPhil, Data Science Club, and ECOMS) for potential co-hosting
- Updates on UWA Data Institute Conference ("AI in Action: From Theory to Practice")
    - 13th June
    - UWA AI club will potentially have a booth there 
    - Atleast 2 people need to be present there to represent the club
- Confirmed a Guest ML lecture by Professor Michael Small in semester 2 
- Social Media content creation work to be more equally divided between committee members.
- Ethical portfolio (suggestion of Professor Louro)
    - Promote non-technical aspects of AI
    - More specificity needed
- Summer Projects:
    - 30 EOIs , high interest among students
    - Potential support from the UWA Data Institute for project sourcing and funding.
    - Suggestion to reach out to medical institutions which have the resources but not the technical knowledge
        - Will need domain expert but the institution can provide that
    - Acknowledged resource limitations (especially GPUs) but noted UWA infrastructure may assist

### Vice President's report (Tyler Etherton)
- Suggested a small participation fee for the Bloom hackathon, with the funds used to provide prizes and catering
- If technical clubs show limited interest in the Generative Think Tank event, suggested expanding outreach to non-technical clubs such as the Arts Union and PPE Union.
- Can reach out directly to the Arts Union regarding collaboration.
- Professor Chris Letheby is open to running an event next semester, potentially in collaboration with the BPhil club.
- Proposed reaching out to Jake Kendrick for UWA resource support (specifically regarding computing/GPU access for summer projects).
- Suggested a workaround for limited GPU access by transferring partially trained models across different Kaggle personal accounts.

### Secretary's report (Saayella)

### Treasurer's report (Ruan Van Zyl)

### Fresh Rep's report (Madan Krishnan)

### OCM's report (Isabella O'Hara)

### OCM's report (Arnav Dangmali)

### OCM's report (Mika Martin Nieuwenhuyzen)
- Can be present at UWA Data Institute Conference
- Suggested to reach out for Kaia (supercomputer) as soon as possible

# Events
- Bloom collaboration event
    - 2-3 hr hackathon
    - Topic: agent based model context protocol (useful because not covered in any units so far)
    - End of June
- Generative think tank event (Professor Louro)
    - Monday week 12
- UWA Data Institute Conference ("AI in Action: From Theory to Practice")
    - 13th June
- ML Guest lecture by Professor Michael Small (Semester 2)
- Event with Professor Chris Letheby (Semester 2)
- A potential collaboration event with BPhil
- Summer Projects

## General Business

- No update on guild affiliation
- Bitwarden Password shared with committee members 
- Stickers arriving soon

## Action Items
- ACTION: [JASON] To confirm event details with Bloom.

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_ : _19:30_

### Digressions: 
