---
title: Semester 2 First Committee Meeting

---
# UWA AI Committee Meeting 2025-07-18

## Venue and Time:
- Online 
- Time:  19:00-19:30

## Opening:

_Meeting Opened_: _19:06_

Present: Jason Tadi, Tyler Etherton, Isabella O'Hara, Saayella, Mika Martin Nieuwenhuyzen, Ruan Van Zyl, Arnav Dangmali

Apologies: 

Absent: 

## Reports


### President's report  (Jason Tadi)
- Outlined the goal of the meeting: to finalize events for Semester 2.
- Possibility of collaboration with Venture for the Keith Pitt guest speaker event.
- Asked for opinions on guild affiliation.
- Discussion around participant selection criteria for summer projects: not strictly selective, but based on motivation and willingness to learn.

### Vice President's report (Tyler Etherton)
- Supported collaborating on the Keith Pitt event.
- Currently working on a Convolutional Neural Network (CNN) workshop.
- Suggested a more structured approach for the upcoming social discussion event, including set talking points and a moderator.
- Proposed restructuring the Chris Letheby guest lecture into a discussion-style format.
- Shared an update on a potential client for the summer project.
- Recommended creating a dedicated social media officer role within the committee.

### Secretary's report (Saayella)
- In favor of the proposed collaboration with Venture. Noted that guest lectures received low interest in the Discord poll.
- Provided updates on the proposed multi-club hackathon with DSC, outlining pros and cons of the collaboration.
- Highlighted the need for intentionality and consistency in the clubâ€™s social media activity.

### Treasurer's report (Ruan Van Zyl)
- In favor of the proposed collaboration with Venture
- Emphasized the importance of scheduling events earlier in the semester.
- Noted that pursuing affiliation this year may benefit future committees.

### OCM's report (Isabella O'Hara)
- Mentioned that Venture can promote the Keith Pitt event, but committee involvement would not be possible.
- Suggested restructuring the Chris Letheby event as a debate

### OCM's report (Arnav Dangmali)

### OCM's report (Mika Martin Nieuwenhuyzen)
- In favor of the proposed collaboration with Venture

# Events
- Keith Pitt Guest Speaker Event (Collaboration with Venture)
    - Date: tbd
- Chris Letheby Event (Format tbd)
    - Date : tbd
- Social Discussion Night  
    - Date : early in the semester
- CNN Workshop
    - Date: tbd
- Multi-Club Hackathon with DSC
    - Date : October
- Sumnmer projects 
    - Date : summer break

## General Business
- Proposal raised to establish a dedicated social media officer role within the committee to manage outreach and engagement.
- Guild affliation to be done ideally before 2026 sem 1.


## Action Items
- ACTION: [JASON & ISABELLA] Follow up Keith Pitt collaboration with Venture.
- ACTION: [SAAYELLA] Follow up with DSC.
- ACTION: [TYLER] Work on CNN workshop and Chris Letheby event.
- ACTION: [ALL] Plan the social discussion event.

## Postmortem
_Meeting Closed_ : _19:42_

### Digressions: 
